welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 11 episode 4. and
remember the best way to watch these new
episodes of the walking dead is on amc
plus click the link in the description
to start your free trial now and join in
for this epic final season back during
the reaper attack daryl was separated
from the rest of the group now he
followed daryl through the dark as he's
trying to avoid him but oh these reapers
are so sneaky they have a big fight
luckily daryl's got some backup it's dog
here to save the day yeah but as daryl
escapes he and dog gets separated too in
the morning daryl finds dog with a
reaper and turns out this reaper is leia
yeah if you remember leia was from one
of the season 10 bonus episodes that
showed daryl's backstory while he was
hunting for rick grimes she and daryl
met and these two kind of fell in love
and she was dog's original owner daryl's
like hey girl glad you're alive um i'll
take dog and just be on my way but she's
like sorry boo i'm taking you prisoner
they take him to the reaper compound
where lei is interrogating him like hey
where are your friends but daryl doesn't
want to give his friends up he's
sticking to the story hey i barely knew
those guys i'm on my own she doesn't
believe him so they start waterboarding
daryl wow daryl's a tough guy no matter
what they do he's sticking to his story
now long story short most of this
episode is just daryl sitting in a cell
soon though leah gets the bad news that
one of her brothers in arms was killed
oh and they've got like a priest
chanting some incantation so yeah these
reapers are all about god but in their
own weird way and now we meet the leader
of the reapers it's pope who i can only
assume went to his barber and said give
me the gandhi nalia finally opens up to
daryl and she's like hey look i'm sorry
about all the waterboarding and stuff
i'm not a bad person these reapers are
my family we were all in the army
together before the fall and then we
became mercenaries but look daryl if you
don't give me something pope's gonna
kill ya so daryl still sticks to a story
he barely knows these people but he does
tell him like oh i think that woman's
the leader and there's the tall skinny
one who's always wisecracking negan so
she goes to pope like hey daryl's good
people you should let him join us and so
now daryl's gonna get to meet pope but
instead they lock leia in there too and
oh gasoline under the door lighted on
fire but daryl ain't scared of no fire
he's been through worse before he
springs into action and manages to get
them out of there and turns out this
wasn't an execution this was his test
pope's like congrats dude you're in so
pope and daryl sit down for a drink
where he tells his whole backstory which
we already knew they were in the army
then they became mercenaries and when
the zombie apocalypse started they
thought they were all gonna die in some
church when everything was burning
around them but the church didn't burn
down they all came out unscathed and so
now pope is convinced that god saved
them they're the chosen ones and so once
again we have a cult-like group that's
led by an insane megalomaniac why is it
so hard to meet normal people in the
zombie apocalypse so now that daryl's
one of them they're having a nice
barbecue to celebrate pope is thinking
this one guy for bringing their dead
comrade all the way back to camp but
then he's like hey a question for you
why are your injuries on your back we're
the chosen ones we're not afraid of
death we run into danger and we never
turn our back on our brothers and so to
make a point pope throws this guy in the
fire and how holds him down there this
was maybe a poor tactical decision
because they already lost one guy and
recruited one so now they're still down
one and so for now daryl is undercover
with the reapers reunited with his lost
love leah and that's where episode 4
comes to an end these new episodes are
intense you want to be watching them and
you know the best place to watch them is
on amc plus stream each new episode ad
free from any device and on amc plus
only watch the episodes one week early
the sunday before they've got a special
deal right now the annual plan is just
4.99 a month so click that link in the
description and sign up for amc plus now
and join in for this epic final season
the beginning of the end of the walking
dead
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member